#############################################
Django-machina 1.0 release notes (2019-04-06)
#############################################

Requirements and compatibility
------------------------------

Python 3.4, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.7. Django 2.0, 2.1 and 2.2.

Major changes
-------------

* Default templates are upgraded to Bootstrap 4
* A new ``MACHINA_USER_DISPLAY_NAME_METHOD`` setting is introduced. The setting defines the name of
  a method on the project's ``User`` model to be used to retrieve user display names

Minor changes
-------------

* The forms used by the admin classes of the ``forum`` application are now imported using the
  django-machina's class loading system. This is to allow to easily override the related form fields
  and widgets in order to customize the corresponding admin pages
* It is now possible to easily override the way forum member display names are retrieved for each
  user. See :doc:`../customization/recipes/custom_forum_member_display_names` for more details
* The SimpleMDE Markdown editor was replaced by the
  `EasyMDE Markdown editor <https://github.com/Ionaru/easy-markdown-editor>`_

Backwards incompatible changes
------------------------------

* Support for Python 2.7 is dropped
* Support for Django 1.11 is dropped
* The ``get_apps`` helper is removed. This function was used to append the machina's applications
  (and overridden applications) to the ``INSTALLED_APPS`` setting. Now machina's applications and
  overridden applications must be explicitly defined in the Django settings
* The ``machina.core.app.Application`` class is improved and moved to
  ``machina.core.urls.URLPatternsFactory`` in order to better suit the initial responsibility of
  this helper. Thus all the ``app`` modules in the machina applications have been removed and
  replaced by an ``urls`` module. The way to include machina URLs has been updated so that it is now
  possible to benefit from a standard ``machina.urls`` module containing an ``urlpatterns`` list
* In order to better follow Django conventions, all django-machina's ``AppConfig`` instances are
  renamed to ``<AppName>AppConfig`` (eg. ``ForumConversationAppConfig``) and are moved to ``apps``
  modules inside each application
* The ``poster_ip`` field (that used to contain the IP address of post authors) is removed from the
  ``Post`` model as it wasn't really used in the context of the forum application

Fixes
-----

* Fix incorrect logic related to the use of the
  ``MACHINA_DEFAULT_AUTHENTICATED_USER_FORUM_PERMISSIONS`` setting that resulted in forums or
  categories not being displayed in the list of forums
* Fix missing check that allowed users to reply to locked topics
  (`#155 <https://github.com/ellmetha/django-machina/issues/155>`_)
